# Incident: 2024-12-04 11-43-07

## Summary

Write a summary of the incident in a few sentences. Include what happened, why, the severity of the incident and how long the impact lasted.
The issue was that pizza orders could no longer be fufilled by the factory. The issue occured at 11:00 am MT  December 4th exactly.

After checking in with the factory the orders are now able to be fufilled. This was done by cliking the report link found in Grafana logs for the failed requests.

The severity was low because it became apparent after a few orders failed to be fufilled. The impact was less than five minutes. 

## Detection

The team discovered the impact at 11:00 am on the day of the incident. It was found by a team member genuinely ordering their own pizza and none of his orders were being fufilled. After going to the logs the issue was quickly detected.

## Impact

For five minutes 11:00 - 11:05 am all pizza orders were unfufilled. From the request logs only the team member was ordering pizza.

## Timeline

11:00 am pizza orders were being unfufilled.
11:01 am team realized this was a system error.
11:02 am team viewed Grafana logs and went found factory report
11:05 am issue resolved.

## Response

Team member Ethan Kaloi noticed the issue and fixed it immediately without need of Grafana.

# Root cause

Pizza Factory is not under direct control of our service. We are requesting the token from a different service and then return that to our customer.

## Resolution

Simply hitting the report end point for the pizza factory resolved the issue.

# Prevention

Generate Pizza token from within our own services. Or we could simply hit the factory report endpoint whenever there is a failed pizza order.

# Action items

1. Set up automation to hit factory report endpoint when pizzas fail
2. Generate our own pizza tokens.